[Music]
[Applause]
well upon the legend oh my mind is made
up
I wonder go and I've been thinking now
what to do been thinking back about me
here you for a long time I tried firing
you said to stay here in this age of man
my name is Nick che and today I'll be
doing a day in my life video I'm a
freshman at Princeton University
studying economics and today I'll be
taking you around campus showing you
what the classroom is up like showing
you what it's like to be a constant as
you can see I just woke up got ready for
my day and I've got some work to do and
then I'm headed to my class
[Music]
alright so the French official studying
for that I'm headed to grab some quick
breakfast that I have to get to my
writing some right so it's almost eleven
o'clock there's not too many people on
the dining hall right now but this
Whitman which is one of the residential
colleges personally I live here so I
definitely the food is he passed but
other colleges houses on the video
[Music]
I don't
I don't need gotta wanna
[Music]
all right so this right behind me is a
chapel this is where a lot of the
religious life is held it's super pretty
building they're still renovating it but
[Music]
we feel like this French stuff feeling
not good we're not feeling so confident
about this Chester all right so I
finished the French test and went okay
I'm in frist Campus Center which is kind
of where the student left is hell
that's one couch with you I'm doing some
work before I have to head to eat call
[Music]
as far as food goes I definitely think
person has some really great food
there's a lot of options you can go to
different dining halls you can go to
different residential colleges or you
can come to the Student Center
everything's very healthy everything's
very gourmet there's a lot of options
depending on what kind of food you like
ends like that no complaints about the
food here
[Music]
all right now that it's money collection
it's gonna be a lot of kids in this
class go to eco 100 which is
microeconomics
[Music]
all right so this is the econ building I
think this is probably the one of the
coolest buildings on campus they're just
a lot of cool architecture a lot of
really nice places to study
[Music]
a few on my class were to try it and get
a quick workout in and so right now I'm
at Whitman colleges which is one of the
six residential colleges that prints it
has basically how you can kind of think
of it is they're almost like Hogwarts
houses where you eat and you stay and
you um hang out a lot of people in your
own house
it's a really cool system you meet a lot
of cool people and the dorms look really
nice so this is just one of them all of
them have a different layout all of them
of a different architecture style I
think I'm gonna do a campus tour with
the different colleges in a later video
[Music]
all right it is raining pretty hard it's
super cold I did not expect for this
[Music]
I'm in a new Lewis Center for the Arts
which is where we have all of our
rehearsals for Orchestra so this is a
brand new building it just opened up
this year and basically it's a place
where dance groups Orchestra band
I'm choir they can all come here and
just practice it's really cool that we
have a school that is cultivating the
arts and spending billions of dollars to
build this brand new building which
isn't something that a lot of colleges
will do it's got state-of-the-art
technology they have practice rooms that
are critically isolated they've liked
engineer the walls to isolate them the
sound and things like that a lot of cool
stuff happening here probably my
favorite building on campus just a nice
place to come relax play some music have
a good time all right you can't really
tell right now but it's raining I'm
gonna head back grab some dinner in
there is it all right
[Music]
all right so I wrapped up dinner came
back to my room I've been working on
this essay for the past few hours for my
writing seminar class I'll probably work
for a little bit more in then hit the
bed wake up early get grinding again
good morning I just wrapped up some
brunch at Forbes every Sunday they're
kind of known for having the nicest
brunch on campus they have like this big
chocolate fountain it's a really great
food stop we are at the basketball game
and watching the girls play um George
Washington University
[Applause]
we're at the Ivy Leadership Summit going
around some quick lunch all right so I
wrapped up lunch headed back to the film
festival it's gorgeous outside right now
fall at Princeton is one of the best
things ever all right it is already so
cold that our fountain has started to
freeze over isn't that crazy
why are we watching this crap plate not
that so shows that love is crap but it's
like how was it it's just a different
all right so he just wrapped up the
dinner it was such a great experience
meeting these really talented successful
people in the business got a lot of
information got a lot of networking so
excited for what's ahead it is freezing
Oh
today we are headed to orange ball
orange black ball we're gonna orange a
black pitch their homecoming so we're
gonna dress up go dance free food things
like that
[Music]
[Applause]
all right so that's basically my entire
week so you guys so much for watching
make sure you guys like comment
subscribe if you have any ideas for
videos make sure you things down below
they my doing some going toward college
tours
but you have any ideas for the thing you
want to see make sure you guys leave
that down below
and you got so much for watching I'll
see you guys next time